c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Program-3D\Program-3D\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Program-3D\Program-3D\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Program-3D\Program-3D\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Program-3D\Program-3D\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Program-3D\Program-3D\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Program-3D\Program-3D\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Program-3D\Program-3D\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Program-3D\Program-3D\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Program-3D\Program-3D\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Program-3D\Program-3D\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Program-3D\Program-3D\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Program-3D\Program-3D\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Program-3D\Program-3D\bin\Program-3D.dll.config
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Program-3D\Program-3D\bin\Program-3D.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Program-3D\Program-3D\bin\Program-3D.pdb
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Program-3D\Program-3D\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Program-3D\Program-3D\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Program-3D\Program-3D\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Program-3D\Program-3D\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Program-3D\Program-3D\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Program-3D\Program-3D\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Program-3D\Program-3D\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Program-3D\Program-3D\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Program-3D\Program-3D\bin\Owin.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Program-3D\Program-3D\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Program-3D\Program-3D\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Program-3D\Program-3D\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Program-3D\Program-3D\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Program-3D\Program-3D\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Program-3D\Program-3D\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Program-3D\Program-3D\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Program-3D\Program-3D\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Program-3D\Program-3D\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Program-3D\Program-3D\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Program-3D\Program-3D\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Program-3D\Program-3D\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Program-3D\Program-3D\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Program-3D\Program-3D\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Program-3D\Program-3D\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Program-3D\Program-3D\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Program-3D\Program-3D\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Program-3D\Program-3D\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Program-3D\Program-3D\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Program-3D\Program-3D\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Program-3D\Program-3D\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Program-3D\Program-3D\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Program-3D\Program-3D\obj\Debug\Program-3D.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Program-3D\Program-3D\obj\Debug\Program-3D.pdb
C:\Users\Administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Program-3D\Program-3D\bin\MongoDB.Bson.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Program-3D\Program-3D\bin\MongoDB.Driver.Core.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Program-3D\Program-3D\bin\MongoDB.Driver.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Program-3D\Program-3D\bin\System.Runtime.InteropServices.RuntimeInformation.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Program-3D\Program-3D\bin\MongoDB.Bson.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Program-3D\Program-3D\bin\MongoDB.Driver.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Program-3D\Program-3D\bin\MongoDB.Driver.Core.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Program-3D\Program-3D\bin\zh-Hans\System.Web.Helpers.resources.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Program-3D\Program-3D\bin\zh-Hans\System.Web.Mvc.resources.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Program-3D\Program-3D\bin\zh-Hans\System.Web.Optimization.resources.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Program-3D\Program-3D\bin\zh-Hans\System.Web.Razor.resources.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Program-3D\Program-3D\bin\zh-Hans\System.Web.WebPages.resources.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Program-3D\Program-3D\bin\zh-Hans\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.resources.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Program-3D\Program-3D\bin\zh-Hans\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.resources.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Program-3D\Program-3D\bin\zh-Hans\EntityFramework.resources.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Program-3D\Program-3D\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Program-3D\Program-3D\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.resources.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Program-3D\Program-3D\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.resources.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Program-3D\Program-3D\obj\Debug\Program-3D.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\GitHub\3D-Program\Program-3D\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\GitHub\3D-Program\Program-3D\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\GitHub\3D-Program\Program-3D\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\GitHub\3D-Program\Program-3D\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\GitHub\3D-Program\Program-3D\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\GitHub\3D-Program\Program-3D\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\GitHub\3D-Program\Program-3D\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\GitHub\3D-Program\Program-3D\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\GitHub\3D-Program\Program-3D\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\GitHub\3D-Program\Program-3D\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\GitHub\3D-Program\Program-3D\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\GitHub\3D-Program\Program-3D\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\GitHub\3D-Program\Program-3D\bin\Program-3D.dll.config
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\GitHub\3D-Program\Program-3D\bin\Program-3D.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\GitHub\3D-Program\Program-3D\bin\Program-3D.pdb
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\GitHub\3D-Program\Program-3D\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\GitHub\3D-Program\Program-3D\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\GitHub\3D-Program\Program-3D\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\GitHub\3D-Program\Program-3D\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\GitHub\3D-Program\Program-3D\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\GitHub\3D-Program\Program-3D\bin\MongoDB.Bson.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\GitHub\3D-Program\Program-3D\bin\MongoDB.Driver.Core.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\GitHub\3D-Program\Program-3D\bin\MongoDB.Driver.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\GitHub\3D-Program\Program-3D\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\GitHub\3D-Program\Program-3D\bin\Owin.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\GitHub\3D-Program\Program-3D\bin\System.Runtime.InteropServices.RuntimeInformation.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\GitHub\3D-Program\Program-3D\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\GitHub\3D-Program\Program-3D\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\GitHub\3D-Program\Program-3D\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\GitHub\3D-Program\Program-3D\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\GitHub\3D-Program\Program-3D\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\GitHub\3D-Program\Program-3D\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\GitHub\3D-Program\Program-3D\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\GitHub\3D-Program\Program-3D\bin\WebGrease.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\GitHub\3D-Program\Program-3D\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\GitHub\3D-Program\Program-3D\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\GitHub\3D-Program\Program-3D\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\GitHub\3D-Program\Program-3D\bin\MongoDB.Bson.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\GitHub\3D-Program\Program-3D\bin\MongoDB.Driver.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\GitHub\3D-Program\Program-3D\bin\MongoDB.Driver.Core.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\GitHub\3D-Program\Program-3D\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\GitHub\3D-Program\Program-3D\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\GitHub\3D-Program\Program-3D\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\GitHub\3D-Program\Program-3D\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\GitHub\3D-Program\Program-3D\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\GitHub\3D-Program\Program-3D\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\GitHub\3D-Program\Program-3D\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\GitHub\3D-Program\Program-3D\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\GitHub\3D-Program\Program-3D\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\GitHub\3D-Program\Program-3D\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\GitHub\3D-Program\Program-3D\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\GitHub\3D-Program\Program-3D\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\GitHub\3D-Program\Program-3D\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\GitHub\3D-Program\Program-3D\bin\zh-Hans\System.Web.Helpers.resources.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\GitHub\3D-Program\Program-3D\bin\zh-Hans\System.Web.Mvc.resources.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\GitHub\3D-Program\Program-3D\bin\zh-Hans\System.Web.Optimization.resources.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\GitHub\3D-Program\Program-3D\bin\zh-Hans\System.Web.Razor.resources.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\GitHub\3D-Program\Program-3D\bin\zh-Hans\System.Web.WebPages.resources.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\GitHub\3D-Program\Program-3D\bin\zh-Hans\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.resources.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\GitHub\3D-Program\Program-3D\bin\zh-Hans\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.resources.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\GitHub\3D-Program\Program-3D\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\GitHub\3D-Program\Program-3D\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.resources.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\GitHub\3D-Program\Program-3D\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.resources.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\GitHub\3D-Program\Program-3D\bin\zh-Hans\EntityFramework.resources.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\GitHub\3D-Program\Program-3D\obj\Debug\Program-3D.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\GitHub\3D-Program\Program-3D\obj\Debug\Program-3D.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\GitHub\3D-Program\Program-3D\obj\Debug\Program-3D.pdb
E:\3D-Program\Program-3D\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
E:\3D-Program\Program-3D\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
E:\3D-Program\Program-3D\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
E:\3D-Program\Program-3D\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
E:\3D-Program\Program-3D\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
E:\3D-Program\Program-3D\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
E:\3D-Program\Program-3D\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
E:\3D-Program\Program-3D\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
E:\3D-Program\Program-3D\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
E:\3D-Program\Program-3D\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
E:\3D-Program\Program-3D\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
E:\3D-Program\Program-3D\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
E:\3D-Program\Program-3D\bin\Program-3D.dll.config
E:\3D-Program\Program-3D\bin\Program-3D.dll
E:\3D-Program\Program-3D\bin\Program-3D.pdb
E:\3D-Program\Program-3D\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
E:\3D-Program\Program-3D\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
E:\3D-Program\Program-3D\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
E:\3D-Program\Program-3D\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
E:\3D-Program\Program-3D\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
E:\3D-Program\Program-3D\bin\MongoDB.Bson.dll
E:\3D-Program\Program-3D\bin\MongoDB.Driver.Core.dll
E:\3D-Program\Program-3D\bin\MongoDB.Driver.dll
E:\3D-Program\Program-3D\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
E:\3D-Program\Program-3D\bin\Owin.dll
E:\3D-Program\Program-3D\bin\System.Runtime.InteropServices.RuntimeInformation.dll
E:\3D-Program\Program-3D\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
E:\3D-Program\Program-3D\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
E:\3D-Program\Program-3D\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
E:\3D-Program\Program-3D\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
E:\3D-Program\Program-3D\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
E:\3D-Program\Program-3D\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
E:\3D-Program\Program-3D\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
E:\3D-Program\Program-3D\bin\WebGrease.dll
E:\3D-Program\Program-3D\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
E:\3D-Program\Program-3D\bin\EntityFramework.dll
E:\3D-Program\Program-3D\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
E:\3D-Program\Program-3D\bin\MongoDB.Bson.xml
E:\3D-Program\Program-3D\bin\MongoDB.Driver.xml
E:\3D-Program\Program-3D\bin\MongoDB.Driver.Core.xml
E:\3D-Program\Program-3D\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
E:\3D-Program\Program-3D\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
E:\3D-Program\Program-3D\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
E:\3D-Program\Program-3D\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
E:\3D-Program\Program-3D\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
E:\3D-Program\Program-3D\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
E:\3D-Program\Program-3D\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
E:\3D-Program\Program-3D\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
E:\3D-Program\Program-3D\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
E:\3D-Program\Program-3D\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
E:\3D-Program\Program-3D\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
E:\3D-Program\Program-3D\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
E:\3D-Program\Program-3D\bin\EntityFramework.xml
E:\3D-Program\Program-3D\bin\zh-Hans\System.Web.Helpers.resources.dll
E:\3D-Program\Program-3D\bin\zh-Hans\System.Web.Mvc.resources.dll
E:\3D-Program\Program-3D\bin\zh-Hans\System.Web.Optimization.resources.dll
E:\3D-Program\Program-3D\bin\zh-Hans\System.Web.Razor.resources.dll
E:\3D-Program\Program-3D\bin\zh-Hans\System.Web.WebPages.resources.dll
E:\3D-Program\Program-3D\bin\zh-Hans\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.resources.dll
E:\3D-Program\Program-3D\bin\zh-Hans\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.resources.dll
E:\3D-Program\Program-3D\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.resources.dll
E:\3D-Program\Program-3D\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.resources.dll
E:\3D-Program\Program-3D\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.resources.dll
E:\3D-Program\Program-3D\bin\zh-Hans\EntityFramework.resources.dll
E:\3D-Program\Program-3D\obj\Debug\Program-3D.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
E:\3D-Program\Program-3D\obj\Debug\Program-3D.dll
E:\3D-Program\Program-3D\obj\Debug\Program-3D.pdb
